like Saturday's rocket summer skies the
mornings air uh-oh Oh like you you like
me there's something wrong with this
picture let's turn it upside down so we
can see the insecurities caused by the
last four years of economic downsizing
in the eastern US alive febuary long
tilly and the wall ready pictures and
shirts that are too small my childlike
figure that you're so in love
a lie the arm sleeves and right eyes
eternal sunshine of the spotless mind
stand strong in my favorites of all time
along with you and your Technicolor to
rise you say Johnny Cash is your
favorite singer to never heard folsom
prison blues how do you expect me to
believe
I was never much on country songs but
someone should will tell you to come
home cuz it's getting late and your
dinners getting cold ally simple songs
pretty words I try to forward you with
it's just no good the pages get lost is
that the much rather sing to you I love
living life with you by my side you're a
smart kid with a beautiful smile and oh
god those Technicolor I like Saturday's
rocket sun night skies map published I
like you
you like me so let's lock all the doors
they're outside we need to see cuz we've
got love you we've got a TV we can watch
friends all we want and we can laugh at
how I laugh like Ross when I get nervous
we don't have to worry about tomorrow
because we know it's gonna come whether
we wanted to or not
ally simple song with pretty words i
tried poachy but it's just no good the
beach get lost inside a much rather
sing to you
I love live in mind
my side your spots in line
technical or
black love
um
the love knot
ha